README.md, before:

# Introduction

If you are an engineering student, a professional engineer or just work in an engineering context, this website will likely be of use to you. A crucial part of engineering education lies within the learner's reflection of their ethical values, and even though you might think that having techical expertise is more important than being ethically-aware, [history has shown otherwise](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Space_Shuttle_Columbia_disaster). 

Like Einstein had once said, "It is not enough that you should understand about applied science in order that your work may increase man’s blessings. Concern for man himself must always be our goal, concern for the great unsolved problems of the distribution of goods and the division of labor, that the creations of your mind may be a blessing, and not a curse, to mankind. Never forget this in the midst of your diagrams and equations". 

The main goal of this website is to help engineering students and practicing engineers become better at recognizing a wide range of ethical issues in engineering work and to think about them in a critical, contextual way. A secondary goal is to increase public awareness of technical, social, and personal characteristics of engineering situations that can lead to misconduct by engineers.

This website is a collaborative effort among the following people: *Sam Wu, Prom Putthisri, Wendy Hu, Rohan Sood, Yusuf Ahmed*

Commit message:

updated introduction page with feedback form

README.md, after:

# Introduction

If you are an engineering student, a professional engineer or just work in an engineering context, this website will likely be of use to you. A crucial part of engineering education lies within the learner's reflection of their ethical values, and even though you might think that having techical expertise is more important than being ethically-aware, [history has shown otherwise](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Space_Shuttle_Columbia_disaster). 

Like Einstein had once said, "It is not enough that you should understand about applied science in order that your work may increase man’s blessings. Concern for man himself must always be our goal, concern for the great unsolved problems of the distribution of goods and the division of labor, that the creations of your mind may be a blessing, and not a curse, to mankind. Never forget this in the midst of your diagrams and equations". 

The main goal of this website is to help engineering students and practicing engineers become better at recognizing a wide range of ethical issues in engineering work and to think about them in a critical, contextual way. A secondary goal is to increase public awareness of technical, social, and personal characteristics of engineering situations that can lead to misconduct by engineers.

After viewing/using this website, please consider [giving us feedback](https://forms.gle/zZS6uFQR5HM4pZVn8) so that we can improve the content and serve more people learning about engineering ethics.
